Product Manager, Digital Buying & Selling

We Are Lennar

Lennar is one of the nation’s leading homebuilders, dedicated to making an impact and creating an extraordinary experience for our Homeowners, Communities, and Associates. We build quality homes, deliver exceptional customer service, give back to the communities where we live and work, and foster a culture of opportunity and growth throughout every stage of an Associate’s career.

Lennar is a Fortune 500® company and consistently ranked among the top homebuilders in the United States.

Join a Company That Empowers You to Build the Future of Home Buying

Lennar Digital is building the future of how Americans buy homes, and we're looking for a Product Manager who wants to be at the center of the digital buying and selling experience. You'll own products across the home buying journey, building tools that elevate how our New Home Consultants sell and how our buyers experience finding their next home.

Our team is built to move with urgency and create a real edge in an established industry. That means we expect our PMs to use AI as a force multiplier across the full product lifecycle, from running richer discovery and finding patterns in user behavior across large data sets, to drafting requirements, prototyping solutions, and gaining stakeholder consensus.

Your Responsibilities on the Team 

Develop and drive a highly visible roadmap and work closely with data science, design, UX, and engineering to bring new features to market, using AI to accelerate discovery, generate and pressure-test feature hypotheses, and move from insight to decision faster.

Lead the development of digital tools that streamline the sales process, equipping the sales team with intuitive, effective experiences that improve selling performance and drive home sales. 

Partner cross-functionally to integrate existing digital products and systems into a cohesive sales workflow, ensuring tools work seamlessly together to support sales team efficiency and data consistency.

Analyze behavioral data to better understand user needs, suggest improvements, and conduct A/B tests to increase conversion.

Gain a deep understanding of the user experience, identify and fill product gaps, and generate new ideas that drive adoption and growth.

Use AI tools actively to increase personal output and quality, from drafting product briefs and user stories to synthesizing customer feedback and stress-testing product decisions before they reach the team.

Translate high-level strategy into detailed technical requirements and high-fidelity prototypes.

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required

2+ years of product management experience building digital products

Deep domain expertise in product management strategy, tools, and methodologies

Proven ability to manage and align cross-functional stakeholders, driving clarity, collaboration, and accountability across teams

Strong analytical capabilities and a solid knowledge of website analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, Optimizely, Fullstory, Hotjar, etc.)

Strong project management skills to effectively prioritize standard tasks, test activations, team bandwidth, and overall deliverables

Strong communication skills and executive presence; effective presenter and collaborator

Ability to think strategically, prioritize, identify, and resolve problems in a complex, dynamic environment

This information is intended to be a general overview and may be modified by the company due to factors affecting the business.

General Overview of Compensation & Benefits:

We reasonably expect the base compensation offered for this position to range from an annual salary of $107,400.00 - $134,200, subject to adjustment based on business-related factors such as employee qualifications, geographic pay differentials (e.g., cost of labor/living, etc.), and operational considerations.
This position may be eligible for bonuses.
This position may be eligible for commissions.
This position will be eligible for the described benefits listed in the above section in accordance with Company Policy.
This information is intended to be a general overview and may be modified by the Company due to factors affecting the business.
Life at Lennar

At Lennar, we are committed to fostering a supportive and enriching environment for our Associates, offering a comprehensive array of benefits designed to enhance their well-being and professional growth. Our Associates have access to robust health insurance plans, including Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage, ensuring their health needs are well taken care of. Our 401(k) Retirement Plan, complete with a $1 for $1 Company Match up to 5%, helps secure their financial future, while Paid Parental Leave and an Associate Assistance Plan provide essential support during life's critical moments. To further support our Associates, we provide an Education Assistance Program and up to $30,000 in Adoption Assistance, underscoring our commitment to their diverse needs and aspirations. From the moment of hire, they can enjoy up to three weeks of vacation annually, alongside generous Holiday, Sick Leave, and Personal Day policies. Additionally, we offer a New Hire Referral Bonus Program, significant Home Purchase Discounts, and unique opportunities such as the Everyone’s Included Day. At Lennar, we believe in investing in our Associates, empowering them to thrive both personally and professionally. Lennar Associates will have access to these benefits as outlined by Lennar’s policies and applicable plan terms. Visit Lennartotalrewards.com to view our suite of benefits. 

Join the fun and follow us on social media to see what's happening at our company, and don't forget to connect with us on Lennar: Overview | LinkedIn<https://www.linkedin.com/company/lennar/> for the latest job opportunities.

Lennar is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws.
